{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier;}
{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f6\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Serif;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f10\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 System;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Geneva;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Marlett;}{\f15\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Wingdings;}
{\f16\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 CommonBullets;}{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 AvantGarde Bk BT;}{\f18\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 AvantGarde Md BT;}{\f19\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Freestyle Script;}{\f20\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 FuturaBlack BT;}
{\f21\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura Md BT;}{\f22\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura BdCn BT;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura Bk BT;}{\f24\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura XBlk BT;}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura XBlkCn BT;}
{\f26\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura XBlkCnIt BT;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura XBlkIt BT;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura Hv BT;}{\f29\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura Lt BT;}{\f30\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura LtCn BT;}
{\f31\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Futura MdCn BT;}{\f32\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Van Dijk;}{\f33\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Kaufmann Bd BT;}{\f34\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Kaufmann BT;}{\f35\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Korinna BT;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Eras Bd BT;}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Eras Bk BT;}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Eras Contour;}{\f39\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Eras Lt BT;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Eras Md BT;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Eras Ult BT;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Narrow;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Black;}{\f44\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Book Antiqua;}{\f45\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Bookman Old Style;}{\f46\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Century Schoolbook;}{\f47\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2 Monotype Sorts;}
{\f48\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Map Symbols;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Haettenschweiler;}{\f50\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 MS LineDraw;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 1;}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 2;}{\f54\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Bookshelf Symbol 3;}{\f55\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 MT Extra;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 CopprplGoth BT;}{\f57\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 ShelleyAllegro BT;}
{\f58\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Bedrock;}{\f59\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Humanst521 BT;}{\f60\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Nuptial BT;}{\f61\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Harpoon;}{\f62\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Shotgun BT;}{\f63\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Amerigo BT;}
{\f64\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 BankGothic Md BT;}{\f65\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 BernhardFashion BT;}{\f66\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 ChelthmITC Bk BT;}{\f67\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 CopprplGoth Hv BT;}{\f68\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Galliard BT;}
{\f69\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 GeoSlab703 Md BT;}{\f70\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 GeoSlab703 XBd BT;}{\f71\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 GeoSlab703 MdCn BT;}{\f72\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Geometr231 Lt BT;}{\f73\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Geometr231 BT;}
{\f74\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Geometr231 Hv BT;}{\f75\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Souvenir Lt BT;}{\f76\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 ZapfHumnst BT;}{\f77\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Dauphin;}{\f78\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Czar;}{\f79\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Lydian Csv BT;}
{\f80\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 OCR-A BT;}{\f81\fmodern\fcharset2\fprq1 OCR-B-10 BT;}{\f82\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 AmerType Md BT;}{\f83\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 GoudyOlSt BT;}{\f84\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 BernhardMod BT;}
{\f85\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Benguiat Bk BT;}{\f86\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Allegro BT;}{\f87\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 TypoUpright BT;}{\f88\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 ZapfEllipt BT;}{\f89\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 CopprplGoth Bd BT;}
{\f90\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Zurich BlkEx BT;}{\f91\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Zurich Ex BT;}{\f92\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Charlesworth;}{\f93\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Bremen Bd BT;}{\f94\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 GoudyHandtooled BT;}
{\f95\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 OzHandicraft BT;}{\f96\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Serifa Th BT;}{\f97\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Staccato222 BT;}{\f98\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Serifa BT;}{\f99\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 LithographLight;}
{\f100\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Kabel Ult BT;}{\f101\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Swiss911 XCm BT;}{\f102\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Kabel Bk BT;}{\f103\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial Rounded MT Bold;}{\f104\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Century Gothic;}
{\f105\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Algerian;}{\f106\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Braggadocio;}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Britannic Bold;}{\f108\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Brush Script MT;}{\f109\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Colonna MT;}
{\f110\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Desdemona;}{\f111\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Footlight MT Light;}{\f112\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Impact;}{\f113\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Kino MT;}{\f114\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Wide Latin;}
{\f115\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Matura MT Script Capitals;}{\f116\fdecor\fcharset0\fprq2 Playbill;}{\f117\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Albertus Extra Bold;}{\f118\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Albertus Medium;}{\f119\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Antique Olive;}
{\f120\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 CG Times;}{\f121\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Coronet;}{\f122\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Letter Gothic;}{\f123\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Univers Condensed;}{\f124\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Univers;}
{\f125\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Comic Sans MS;}{\f126\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f127\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 PosterBodoni BT;}{\f128\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lithograph;}{\f129\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 CastleT;}
{\f130\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 FrizQuadrata BT;}{\f131\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 FrnkGothITC Bk BT;}{\f132\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Ribbon131 BT;}{\f133\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Code39-Digits;}{\f134\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 OCR-B-Digits;}
{\f135\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 ZipCodeBarcode;}{\f136\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Sign Language;}{\f137\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Animals;}{\f138\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Charting;}{\f139\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Clocks;}{\f140\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 HomePlanning;}
{\f141\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Kidnap;}{\f142\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 LandscapePlanning;}{\f143\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 HomePlanning2;}{\f144\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 MorseCode;}{\f145\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Music;}
{\f146\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 OfficePlanning;}{\f147\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Semaphore;}{\f148\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2 Signs;}{\f149\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 ZapfDingbats BT;}{\f150\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 SymbolProp BT;}
{\f151\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Albertus (W1);}{\f152\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Albertus Xb (W1);}{\f153\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Antique Olv (W1);}{\f154\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 CG Times (W1);}{\f155\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Coronet (W1);}
{\f156\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier (W1);}{\f157\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Letter Gothic (W1);}{\f158\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Univers (W1);}{\f159\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Univers Cd (W1);}{\f160\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Wingdings (L$);}
{\f161\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq2 Modern;}{\f162\fscript\fcharset255\fprq2 Script;}{\f163\froman\fcharset255\fprq2 Roman;}{\f164\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 ;}{\f165\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Dialog;}{\f166\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Fixedsys;}
{\f167\fmodern\fcharset255\fprq1 Terminal;}{\f168\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Small Fonts;}{\f169\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Dialog Light;}{\f170\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS SystemEx;}{\f171\froman\fcharset0\fprq0 i;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 
heading 2;}{\s3\li360\nowidctlpar \b \sbasedon0\snext18 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar \ul \sbasedon0\snext18 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext18 heading 6;}{
\s7\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive
\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar \snext16 Style;}{\s17\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 footnote text;}{\s18\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 Normal Indent;}{\s19\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480 
\f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 nscba;}{\s20\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 j;}{\s21\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext21 ij;}{\s22\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext22 btb;}{\s23\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext23 ctcb;}{\s24\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext24 ns;}{\s25\sa120\nowidctlpar \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext25 TT;}{\s26\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 crtj;}{\s27\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480 
\f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 nsca;}{\s28\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 bt;}{\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 Hf;}{\s30\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext30 Hs;}{\s31\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext31 RT;}{\s32\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 c;}{\s33\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext33 ct;}{\s34\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext34 it;}{\s35\li480\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext35 nsct;}{\s36\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext36 nscb;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 HC2;}{
\s38\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext38 C2;}{\s39\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext39 ctc;}{\s40\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 crt;}{\s41\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext41 or;}{\s42\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext42 Ln1;}{\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{\s44\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f7 \sbasedon3\snext43 *Title;}{
\s45\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext45 *Jl;}{\s46\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s47\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1915 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext47 Tph;}{\s48\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 
\snext42 Proch;}{\*\cs49 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\title AFXCORE}{\subject MFC Core RTF Help}{\author Bruce Campbell}{\operator Bruce Campbell}{\creatim\yr1992\mo10\dy7\hr11\min4}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy8\hr14\min25}{\version2}
{\edmins2}{\nofpages70}{\nofwords3416}{\nofchars19474}{\*\company Davryan Laboratories, Inc}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex576\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{\fs20  main_index}}}{\fs16\up6   }{\b\f2\fs24\up6 NeuroWin Help Index
\par }\pard \fi720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 \tab 
\par }{\f2\uldb Readme}{\v\f2 readme}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Errors}{\v\f2 errors}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Data Formatting}{\v\f2\uldb data_format}{\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f9 
\par }{\b\f2 How To ...
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Setup A Network}{\v\f2 how_setup}{\b\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Train A Network}{\v\f2 how_train}{\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Run A Trained Network}{\v\f2 how_run}{\f9\ulw 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Commands
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb File menu}{\v\f2 menu_file}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Network menu}{\v\f2 menu_network}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb View menu}{\v\f2 menu_view}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Help menu}{\v\f2 menu_help}{\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} data_format}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} Data Formatting}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s17\nowidctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Data Formatting}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Data Formatting
\par }{\f2 Input for training and running networks is done through comma
 delimited files.  Most spreadsheets and database programs allow for exporting data in these formats.  Input for weights when setting up to run a trained network is done by importing an output file from a previously trained network.  
\par Training data must be in a comma delimited format where one line contains a training vector immediately followed by the desired output (i.e. if 1,1,1 is to be mapped onto -1,1,-1 the that line looks like 1,1,1,-1,1,-1).
\par The requirements of that weights file are that weights ap
pear bias first, lower left and proceed to the upper right node.  All weight values are delimited by a colon preceeding the weight value.  A bias weight is allocated for each node regardless of the value of the bias input by the user.  Remember that if cr
eating you own weights files.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{\fs20  errors}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  errors}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  errors}}} {\b\f2 Errors}{\f2  
\par There is a little checking to make sure that parameters are set up properly, however some responsibility is placed on the user for making sure that all is ok when running or training a network.  Here is a list of things to remember:
\par }\pard \li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Make sure the range of the activation function contains the set of desired outputs.  If you want an output of five for a given node, and the activation function has a range of (-1,1) then you\rquote 
ll have problems training that node (the maximum output of the node is 1 and you\rquote ve asked it to try and get to 5)
\par 
\par Watch out for conflicts in your training data.  If there are two identical input vectors with different desired outputs, it will confuse the network as it tries to accommodate both desired outputs.
\par 
\par Make sure the training or running vectors are in the proper format and that they match the parameters you have entered in the dialogs.  If your input + output dimension doesn\rquote t match the dimension of the vectors in the training data file, you
\rquote ll encounter errors training.  If the input dimension doesn\rquote t match the dimension of the vectors in the run data file, you\rquote ll encounter errors.
\par 
\par Pay attention to the training parameter.  If it is too small, training will take a lot of passes to reach an acceptable error rate.  If the training parameter is too large, you may miss the minimum in the error surface and start climbing uphill in weight 
space. 
\par 
\par If something re
ally bad has happened then you may get an error box telling you about a fatal error and that the program will be exiting.  This type of error will usually be encountered in the training or running modes.  It probably means one of the data files is not in 
the proper format, or that the format of one of the files doesn\rquote t match the parameters that were fed into the routine. i.e. you said the input space had dimension 3 but the file has 4 input dimensions.
\par 
\par    
\par  
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{\fs20  readme}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  readme}}}{\f2  }{
\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Readme}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Readme
\par }{\f2 NeuroWin is a graphical neural network development tool.  Networks are set up through a series of dialog boxes.  The main features are:
\par }\pard \fi720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 backpropagation and minimum disturbance training
\par choice of three activation functions for backpropagation (linear, tanh, & logistic)\tab 
\par activation may vary across layers for backpropagation
\par data is read in from comma delimited files
\par 2 or three hidden layers
\par number of nodes is limited by your resources only
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par This program is freeware.  Source for the algorithms is available on 
my web page.  The minimum disturbance training algorithm is a variant on The Madaline Rule II, Winter & Widrow.  In Proceedings if IEEE Second International Conference on Neural Networks, San Diego, CA, I:401-408 July 1988.  It uses threshold activation a
nd trains nodes on the principle that it is best to disturb the weights as little as possible when training.  It looks for the smallest weight changes that give the desired output.  Look at the source code if you\rquote 
re really interested in the mechanics.  The algorithm should be considered experimental, your mileage may vary.  
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} how_setup}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  howto: setup a network}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Setup a Network}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Setup A Network
\par  }{\f2 First establish the topology and then fill in the layers information.  (See the Network Menu items for }{\f2\uldb Topology}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_TOPOLOGY}{\f2  and }{\f2\uldb Layer Setup}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_LAYERS}{\f2 )
\par }{\v\f2 menu_help}{\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} how_train}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  howto: train a network}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Train a Network}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Train A Network
\par }{\f2 Set up the network topology and layers then fill in the info in th
e training setup dialog.  Training data must be in a comma delimited format where one line contains a training vector immediately followed by the desired output (i.e. if 1,1,1 is to be mapped onto -1,1,-1 the that line looks like 1,1,1,-1,1,-1).
\par This program does a limited amount of error checking on the parameters and inputs.  See }{\f2\uldb errors}{\v\f2 errors}{\f2   for a brief discussion on what can go wrong when training a network.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} how_run}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  howto: run a trained network}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Run A Trained Network}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2  Run A Trained Network
\par  }{\f2 
Setup the network topology and layers then fill in the info in the run setup dialog.  The weigts file should be the output of a previously trained network.  The vectors you want to run through a network should be in a comma delimited file, one vector per 
line.  There are no restrictions on the type of activation function used when running a network.    
\par You can look at the output of a training run to determine the data format of the weights file and either provide you own weights or edit the file.  The requ
irements of that weights file are that weights appear bias first, lower left and proceed to the upper right node.  All weight values are delimited by a colon preceeding the weight value.   
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_file}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  files: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File menu commands}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 File menu commands}{\f2 
\par 
\par The File menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb New}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_NEW}{\f2 \cell Creates a new network\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard 
\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Open}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_OPEN}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Opens an existing network.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Close}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_CLOSE}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 
Closes an opened network.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Save}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_SAVE}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Saves an opened network using the same file name.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row 
}\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Save As}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Saves an opened network to a specified file name.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Print}{\v\f2 
HID_FILE_PRINT}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Prints a network.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Print Preview}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 
Displays the network on the screen as it would appear printed.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Print Setup}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_PRINT_SETUP}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Selects a printer and printer connection.
\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1302\cellx8622 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Exit}{\v\f2 HID_APP_EXIT}{\f2 \tab 
\par }{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Exits NeuroWin.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_network}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network menu commands}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2  Network menu commands}{\f2 
\par 
\par The network menu offers the following commands, which enable you to setup, train, and run your networks.
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1572\cellx7752 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Topology}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_TOPOLOGY}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Establishes network topology\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 
\cellx1572\cellx7752 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Layer Setup}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_LAYERS}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Set up bias, nodes, and activation\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb 
Training Setup}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_TRAINING}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Setup trianing parameters\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Train}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_TRAIN}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard 
\fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Initiates training\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Run Setup}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_RUNSETUP}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Setup parameters to run a trained network\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Run}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_RUN}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 
Run a network\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1572\cellx7752 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Info}{\v\f2 HID_NETWORK_INFO}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 
Display network information.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page 
\par }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_view}}{\b\f2 View menu commands}{\f2 
\par 
\par The View menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1272\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Toolbar\cell }{\f2 Shows or hides the toolbar.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1272\cellx7452 \pard \sl240\slmult0
\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Status Bar}{\v\f2 HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Shows or hides the status bar.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_help}}{\b\f2 Help menu commands}{
\f2 
\par 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Help Topics}{\v\f2 HID_HELP_INDEX}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 
Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257 \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb About}{\v\f2 HID_APP_ABOUT}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard 
\fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Displays the version number of this application.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_NEW}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  files: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 $
{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File New command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 New command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to create a new document in NeuroWin. 
\par 
\par You can open an existing document with the }{\f2\uldb Open command}{\v HID_FILE_OPEN}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc filenew.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+N
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_OPEN}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  files: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File Open command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Open command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to open an existing document in a new window.  You can open multiple documents at once.  Use the Window menu to switch among the multiple open documents.  See }{\f2\uldb Window 1, 2, ... command}{\v\f2 HID_WINDOW_ALL}{\f2 .
\par 
\par You can create new documents with the }{\f2\uldb New command}{\v HID_FILE_NEW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc fileopen.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+O
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FILEOPEN}}{\b\f2 File Open dialog box
\par }{\f2 
\par The following options allow you to specify which file to open:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 List Files of Type
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the type of file you want to open:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Drives
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the drive which stores the file that you want to open. 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the directory which stores the file that you want to open.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Network...
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_CLOSE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  files: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 
${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File Close command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Close command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to close all windows containing the active document.  NeuroWin suggests that you save changes to your document before you close it.  If you close a document without saving, you lose all changes made since the last time you saved it.  Befo
re closing an untitled document, NeuroWin displays the }{\f2\uldb Save As dialog box}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\f2  and suggests that you name and save the document.
\par 
\par You can also close a document by using the Close icon on the document's window, as shown below:
\par \{bml scmenu.bmp\}
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_SAVE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  files: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File Save command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Save command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to save the active document to its current name and directory.  When you save a document for the first time, NeuroWin displays the }{\f2\uldb Save As dialog box}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\f2 
 so you can name your document.  If you want to change the name and directory of an existing document before you save it, choose the }{\f2\uldb Save As command}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc filesave.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+S
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  files: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File Save As command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Save As command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to save and name the active document.  NeuroWin displays the }{\f2\uldb Save As dialog box}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\f2  so you can name your document.  
\par 
\par To save a document with its existing name and directory, use the }{\f2\uldb Save command}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE}{\f2 .
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}}{\b\f2 File Save As dialog box
\par }{\f2 
\par The following options allow you to specify the name and location of the file you're about to save:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
Type a new filename to save a document with a different name.  A filename can contain up to eight characters and an extension of up to three characters.  NeuroWin adds the extension you specify in the Save File As Type box.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Drives
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the drive in which you want to store the document.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the directory in which you want to store the document.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Network...
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 << Add other File Save As dialog box options depending on which ones your application chooses via the OFN_ flags of the OPENFILENAME structure used by the CFileDialog. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{\fs20  HID_FILE_MRU_FILE1}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  files: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote 
\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File 1, 2, 3, 4 command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 1, 2, 3, 4 command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use the numbers and filenames listed at the bottom of the File menu to open the last four documents you closed.  Choose the number that corresponds with the document you want to open.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_APP_EXIT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  exit}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  File Exit command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Exit command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to end your NeuroWin session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu.  NeuroWin prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.
\par }
\par {\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.
\par \tab \{bmc appexit.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F4
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \page {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NETWORK_TOPOLOGY}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{
\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network Topology command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Topology command (Network menu)}{\f2 
\par This command opens a dialog that accepts input for the number of layers and the input dimension
\par }
\par {\f2 \page  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDD_SET_TOPOLOGY}>{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 >}{\fs20  test}}} {\b\f2 Topology Setup Dialog
\par }{\f2 
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Input Dimension
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 The dimension of the input vector
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Layers
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 The number of layers in the network
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NETWORK_LAYERS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{
\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network Layer Setup command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Layer Setup command (Network menu)}{\f2 
\par This command opens a dialog that accepts input for the parameters of the layers in the network: node type, bias and number of units.
\par }
\par {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NETWORK_TRAINING}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network Training Setup command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2  Training Setup command (Network menu)}{\f2 
\par This command opens a dialog that accepts input for the training parameters of a network: number of training vectors,  training parameter, input and output files, number of training passes, and initial weight range.
\par }
\par {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NETWORK_TRAIN}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network Train command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Train command (Network menu)}{\f2 
\par Trains a properly setup network}
\par 
\par {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NETWORK_RUNSETUP}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network Run Setup command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Run Setup command (Network menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Set up parameters to run a trained network.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NETWORK_RUN}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network Run command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Run command (Network menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Initiates running of a properly configured network
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NETWORK_INFO}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  network: managing}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  Network Info command
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR
\par \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  toolbar
\par }{\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  View Toolbar Command}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Info command (Network menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Displays information on the current network & parameters
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  toolbar}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $}{\fs20  toolbar}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Toolbar}{\f2 
\par \{bml hlptbar.bmp\}
\par 
\par The toolbar is }{\f120 displayed}{\f2  across the top of the application window, below the menu bar.  The toolbar provides quick mouse access to many tools used in NeuroWin,
\par 
\par To hide or display the Toolbar, choose Toolbar from the View menu (ALT, V, T).
\par 
\par << Add or remove toolbar buttons from the list below according to which ones your application offers. >>
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx1080 {\b\f2 Click\tab To}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1080 {\f2 \{bmc filenew.bmp\}\tab Open a new document.
\par 
\par \{bmc fileopen.bmp\}\tab Open an existing document.  NeuroWin displays the Open dialog box, in which you can locate and open the desired file.
\par 
\par \{bmc filesave.bmp\}\tab Save the active document or template with its current name.  If you have not named the document, NeuroWin displays the Save As dialog box.
\par 
\par \{bmc fileprnt.bmp\}\tab Print the active document.
\par 
\par \{bmc editcut.bmp\}\tab Remove selected data from the document and stores it on the clipboard.
\par 
\par \{bmc editcopy.bmp\}\tab Copy the selection to the clipboard.
\par 
\par \{bmc editpast.bmp\}\tab Insert the contents of the clipboard at the insertion point.
\par 
\par \{bmc editundo.bmp\}\tab Reverse the last editing.  Note:  You cannot undo some actions.
\par 
\par \{bmc recfirst.bmp\}\tab Go to the first record in the current selection.
\par 
\par \{bmc recprev.bmp\}\tab Go to the previous record in the current selection.
\par 
\par \{bmc recnext.bmp\}\tab Go to the next record in the current selection.
\par 
\par \{bmc reclast.bmp\}\tab Go to the last record in the current selection.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  status bar}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 
${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} View Status Bar Command}}{\b\f2 Status Bar command (View menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which describes the action to be executed by the selected menu item or depressed toolbar button, and keyboard latch state. A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Status Bar is displayed.

\par 
\par See }{\f2\uldb Status Bar}{\v\f2 AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}{\f2  for help on using the status bar.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 K}{\fs20  status bar}}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} status bar}}{\b\f2 Status Bar}{\f2 
\par \{bml hlpsbar.bmp\}
\par 
\par The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the NeuroWin window.  To display or hide the status bar, use the Status Bar command in the View menu.
\par 
\par The left area of the status bar describes actions of menu items as you use the arrow keys to navigate through menus.  This area similarly shows messages that describe the actions of toolbar buttons as you depress them, before releasing them.  If after vie
wing the description of the toolbar button command you wish not to execute the command, then release the mouse button while the pointer is off the toolbar button.
\par 
\par The right areas of the status bar indicate which of the following keys are latched down:
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\b\f2 Indicator\tab Description}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1440\li1440\sa120\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 CAP\tab The Caps Lock key is latched down.
\par NUM\tab The Num Lock key is latched down.
\par SCRL\tab The Scroll Lock key is latched down.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_NEW}}{\b\f2 New command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to open a new window with the same contents as the active window.  You can open multiple document windows to display different parts or views of a document at the same time.  If you change the contents in one wind
ow, all other windows containing the same document reflect those changes.  When you open a new window, it becomes the active window and is displayed on top of all other open windows.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_CASCADE}}{\b\f2 Cascade command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in an overlapped fashion. 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE}}{\b\f2 Tile command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE_HORZ}}{\b\f2 Tile Horizontal command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to vertically arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE_VERT}}{\b\f2 Tile Vertical command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows side by side.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_ARRANGE}}{\b\f2 Window Arrange Icons Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange the icons for minimized windows at the bottom of the main window.  If there is an open document window at the bottom of the main window, then some or all of the icons may not be visible because they will be und
erneath this document window.\page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_SPLIT}}{\b\f2 Split Command (Window menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 
Use this command to split the active window into panes.  You may then use the mouse or the keyboard arrows to move the splitter bars.  When you are finished, press the mouse button or enter to leave the splitter bars in their new location.  Pressing escap
e keeps the splitter bars in their original location.  << In a single document interface application, this command will appear on the View menu. >>\page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}
 HID_WINDOW_ALL}}{\b\f2 1, 2, ... command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par NeuroWin displays a list of currently open document windows at the bottom of the Window menu.  A check mark appears in front of the document name of the active window.  Choose a document from this list to make its window active.  
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HELP_INDEX}}{\b\f2 Index command (Help menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display the opening screen of Help.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instructions for using NeuroWin and various types of reference information.  
\par 
\par Once you open Help, you can click the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HELP_USING}}{\b\f2 Using Help command (Help menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command for instructions about using Help.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_APP_ABOUT}}{\b\f2 About command (Help menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of NeuroWin.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_CONTEXT_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Help Using Help Command}}{\b\f2 Context Help command 
\par }{\f2 \{bml curhelp.bmp\}
\par 
\par Use the Context Help command to obtain help on some portion of NeuroWin.  When you choose the Toolbar's Context Help button, the mouse pointer will change to an arrow and question mark.  Then click somewhere in the NeuroWin window, such as another Toolbar
 button.  The Help topic will be shown for the item you clicked.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab SHIFT+F1
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HT_CAPTION}}{\b\f2 Title Bar}
\par 
\par {\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s43\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 The title bar is located along the top of a window.  It contains the name of the application and document.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s43\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 To move the window, drag the title bar.  Note: You can also move dialog boxes by dragging their title bars.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 {\f2 A title bar may contain the following elements:
\par }\pard\plain \s42\fi-360\li360\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Application Control-menu button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Document Control-menu button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Maximize button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Minimize button
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the application
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the document
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}\tab Restore button
\par }\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{\fs20  scrollbars}}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Scroll bars}{\f2 
\par 
\par Displayed at the right and bottom edges of the document window.  The scroll boxes inside the scroll bars indicate your vertical and horizontal location in the document.  You can use the mouse to scroll to other parts of the document.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_SIZE}}{\b\f2 Size command (System menu)}
\par 
\par {\f2 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can size the active window with the arrow keys.
\par \{bml curarw4.bmp\}
\par 
\par After the pointer changes to the four-headed arrow:
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 1.\tab Press one of the DIRECTION keys (left, right, up, or down arrow key) to move the pointer to the border you want to move.  
\par 2.\tab Press a DIRECTION key to move the border.
\par 3.\tab Press ENTER when the window is the size you want.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.
\par }
\par {\b\f2 Shortcut}{\b 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Drag the size bars at the corners or edges of the window.
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MOVE}}{\b\f2 Move command (Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can move the active window or dialog box with the arrow keys.
\par \{bmc curarw4.bmp\}
\par 
\par Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+F7
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MINIMIZE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} System Minimize Command}
}{\b\f2 Minimize command (application Control menu)
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to reduce the NeuroWin window to an icon.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Click the minimize icon \{bmc scmin.bmp\} on the title bar.
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F9
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\par \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MAXIMIZE}}{\b\f2 Maximize command (System menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to enlarge the active window to fill the available space.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 
\par Shortcut}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Click the maximize icon \{bmc scmax.bmp\} on the title bar; or double-click the title bar.
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+F10 enlarges a document window.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar 
\par \pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_NEXTWINDOW}}{\b\f2 Next Window command (document Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to switch to the next open document window.  NeuroWin determines which window is next according to the order in which you opened the windows.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+F6
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_PREVWINDOW}}{\b\f2 Previous Window command (document Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to switch to the previous open document window.  NeuroWin determines which window is previous according to the order in which you opened the windows.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab SHIFT+CTRL+F6
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_CLOSE}}{\b\f2 Close command (Control menus)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to close the active window or dialog box.
\par 
\par Double-clicking a Control-menu box is the same as choosing the Close command.
\par \{bml appexit.bmp\}
\par 
\par Note:  If you have multiple windows open for a single document, the Close command on the document Control menu closes only one window at a time.  You can close all windows at once with the Close command on the File menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys: \tab CTRL+F4 closes a document window
\par \tab ALT+F4 closes the window or dialog box
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \tab \tab \tab \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_RESTORE}}{\b\f2 Restore command (Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to return the active window to its size and position before you chose the Maximize or Minimize command.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_TASKLIST}}{\b\f2 Switch to command (application Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display a list of all open applications.  Use this "Task List" to switch to or close an application on the list.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+ESC
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Dialog Box Options
\par }{\f2 When you choose the Switch To command, you will be presented with a dialog box with the following options:
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Task List
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Select the application you want to switch to or close.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Switch To
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Makes the selected application active.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 End Task
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Closes the selected application.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Cancel
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Closes the Task List box.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Cascade
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges open applications so they overlap and you can see each title bar.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Tile
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges open applications into windows that do not overlap.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par }\pard \sb60\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\b\f2 Arrange Icons
\par }\pard \li360\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges the icons of all minimized applications across the bottom of the screen.
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_RULER}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} View Ruler Command}}{\b\f2 
Ruler command (View menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FONT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Choose Font Dialog}}{\b\f2 Choose Font dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_COLOR}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Choose Color Dialog}}{\b\f2 Choose Color dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_FIND}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Find Command}}{\b\f2 Find command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FIND}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Find Dialog}}{\b\f2 Find dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_REPLACE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Replace Command}}{\b\f2 Replace command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_REPLACE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Replace Dialog}}{\b\f2 Replace dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_REPEAT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Repeat Command}}{\b\f2 Repeat command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 Use this command to repeat the last editing command carried out.  The Repeat menu item changes to Can't Repeat if you cannot repeat your last action.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Key:\tab F4
\par }\pard \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_CLEAR}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Clear Command}}{\b\f2 Clear command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_EDIT_CLEAR_ALL}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Edit Clear All}}{\b\f2 Clear All command (Edit menu)
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_NEXT_PANE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Next Pane Command}}{\b\f2 Next Pane
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_PREV_PANE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Prev Pane Command}}{\b\f2 Prev Pane
\par 
\par }{\f2 << Write application-specific help here. >>
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HIDR_DOC1TYPE}}{\b\f2 Modifying the Document
\par }{\f2 
\par << Write application-specific help here that provides an overview of how the user should modify a document using your application.  
\par 
\par If your application supports multiple document types and you want to have a distinct help topic for each, then use the help context i.d. generated by running the MAKEHELP.BAT file produced by AppWizard.  Alternatively, run MAKEHM as follows:
\par 
\par \tab makehm IDR_HIDR_,0x2000 resource.h
\par 
\par If the IDR_ symbol for one of your document types is, for example, IDR_CHARTTYPE, then the help context i.d. generated by MAKEHM will be HIDR_CHARTTYPE.
\par 
\par Note, AppWizard defines the HIDR_DOC1TYPE help context i.d. used by this help topic for the first document type supported by your application.  AppWizard produces an alias in the .HPJ file for your application, mapping HIDR_DOC1TYPE to the HIDR_ produced 
by MAKEHM for that document type. >>
\par 
\par \page 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HT_NOWHERE}}{\b\f2 No Help Available}
\par 
\par {\f2 No help is available for this area of the window.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{\fs20  AFX_HIDP_default
\par }}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 No Help Available
\par }
\par {\f2 No help is available for this message box.
\par }
\par {\f2 
<< If you wish to author help specific to each message box prompt, then remove the AFX_HIDP_xxx values from the [ALIAS] section of your .HPJ file, and author a topic for each AFX_HIDP_xxx value.  For example, AFX_HIDP_INVALID_FILENAME is the help topic fo
r the Invalid Filename message box. >>
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar 
\par }